Update the quickstart section guides to work with zOS 2.1. (#643)
zeppelinos/zos: packages/docs/docs/docs/deploying.md

a `truffle-config.js` file (created by the `zos` CLI for Truffle), and a
`zos.json` file (created by `zos` for ZeppelinOS).

Next, we need to install Truffle. To do so, run the following command:

```console
npm install truffle@4.1.15 --save
```

> > Note: We are specifically installing Truffle 4.1.15, because ZeppelinOS 2.1 only supports Truffle 5 partially. Full support is expected in ZeppelinOS 2.2, which will be released soon._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: We are specifically installing Truffle 4.1.15, as ZeppelinOS 2.1 only supports Truffle 5 for command-line usage (not programmatic usage). Full support for Truffle 5 and Web3 1.0 will be released in ZeppelinOS 2.2._
```
